Documentation improvements (#25)
SlimeVR/SlimeVR-Docs-Site: index.md

title: Home
nav_order: 1
---

# SlimeVR DIY guide

> Welcome to the SlimeVR DIY guide. In this guide you will learn how to build your own SlimeVR trackers or use your mobile phones as SlimeVR trackers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the SlimeVR guide. In this guide you will learn how to build your own SlimeVR trackers, setup the trackers you already have, or use your mobile phones as SlimeVR trackers.
```
